Add description for safely deleting model (#9206)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings.md

### Setting

```yaml
plugins.ml_commons.enable_inhouse_python_model: false
```

### Values

- Default value: `false`
- Valid values: `false`, `true`

> ## Safely delete models

Reviewer: This heading doesn't work. It should probably be "Safely deleting a model", as in the previous file, but if we're trying to use a different heading, how about "Safely deleting models"? Note that the link text on line 58 in the previous file would need to be changed as well.

Reviewer 2: This heading is not in gerund to mimic the other headings' form.

Reviewer: Ah ok, fine as is, then.

Introduced 2.19
{: .label .label-purple }

> When set to `true`, this setting enables a safety feature that checks for downstream dependencies before deleting a model. This helps prevent accidental deletion of models actively used by agents, search pipelines, ingest pipelines, and other downstream tasks. If this setting is enabled and you attempt to delete a model that has active downstream dependencies, you'll receive an error message and the model will not be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, this setting enables a safety feature that checks for downstream dependencies before deleting a model. This helps prevent accidental deletion of models in active use by agents, search pipelines, ingest pipelines, and other downstream tasks. If this setting is enabled and you attempt to delete a model that has active downstream dependencies, you'll receive an error message and the model will not be deleted.
```
